{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red137\green143\blue149;
\red203\green203\blue202;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c60559\c62920\c65121;
\cssrgb\c83320\c83320\c83112;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 	Screen Resolution: (2560 x 1600)\
	OS: macOS Catalina\
	Browser: Google Chrome 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Version 80.0.3987.116\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The part I got stuck on was overriding the default styles for the material ui components. It was my first time using material ui, so I had to do some research. After looking online, I found a few different ways of adding custom styles to the components. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The part that took the most time was putting in each icon for the navigation items. I had to look up each icon and import it to the project. It wasn\'92t hard, but it was a tedious. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The easiest part was using the material ui to build out the general layout for the dashboard. Most of the components I needed were already prebuilt, I just needed to customize them. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}A part of the design I changed was the position of the week selection (
\f2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
17th January 2016 - 15 February 2016)
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  in the top right corner. I moved it slightly to the left because it was overlapping with the sticky settings tab on the right side. If I had control over the design, I would also change the size and color of some of the text labels to make them easier to read. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}If I had more time, I would implement real graphs instead of placeholder images. I would also make the dashboard more responsive. Basically, I would implement all the extra requirements in the \'93Going above and beyond\'94 section. I would also clean up the project. There are some parts of the project that could have been organized better by splitting them up into separate components.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}While working on the project, I had to use the Material UI documentation to learn how to implement and customize the prebuilt components. I also used photoshop to get the exact colors from the mockup. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
*NOTE - I can implement the extra features in the \'93Go above and beyond\'94 section if needed. I did not implement them since I ran out of time.\
}